fix(curriculum): use function form of this.setState (#36623)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/react/bind-this-to-a-class-method.english.md

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
The code editor has a component with a <code>state</code> that keeps track of the text. It also has a method which allows you to set the text to <code>"You clicked!"</code>. However, the method doesn't work because it's using the <code>this</code> keyword that is undefined. Fix it by explicitly binding <code>this</code> to the <code>handleClick()</code> method in the component's constructor.
Next, add a click handler to the <code>button</code> element in the render method. It should trigger the <code>handleClick()</code> method when the button receives a click event. Remember that the method you pass to the <code>onClick</code> handler needs curly braces because it should be interpreted directly as JavaScript.

> Once you complete the above steps you should be able to click the button and see the item count increment in the HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you complete the above steps you should be able to click the button and see <code>You clicked!</code>.
```
